WIP: more descriptions/comments for everything (#1824)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/phase0/beacon-chain.md

| `EPOCHS_PER_ETH1_VOTING_PERIOD` | `2**5` (= 32) | epochs | ~3.4 hours |
| `SLOTS_PER_HISTORICAL_ROOT` | `2**13` (= 8,192) | slots | ~27 hours |
| `MIN_VALIDATOR_WITHDRAWABILITY_DELAY` | `2**8` (= 256) | epochs | ~27 hours |

> | `SHARD_COMMITTEE_PERIOD` | `2**8` (= 256) | epochs | ~27 hours |

Author: ```suggestion
| `SHARD_COMMITTEE_PERIOD` | `Epoch(2**8)` (= 256) | epochs | ~27 hours |
```

| `EPOCHS_PER_ETH1_VOTING_PERIOD` | `2**5` (= 32) | epochs | ~3.4 hours |
| `SLOTS_PER_HISTORICAL_ROOT` | `2**13` (= 8,192) | slots | ~27 hours |
| `MIN_VALIDATOR_WITHDRAWABILITY_DELAY` | `2**8` (= 256) | epochs | ~27 hours |

> | `SHARD_COMMITTEE_PERIOD` | `2**8` (= 256) | epochs | ~27 hours |

Author: ```suggestion
| `SHARD_COMMITTEE_PERIOD` | `2**8` (= 256) | epochs | ~27 hours |

```

#### BLS Signatures

> Eth2 makes use of BLS signatures as specified in the [IETF draft BLS specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-irtf-cfrg-bls-signature-00). Specifically, eth2 uses the `BLS_SIG_BLS12381G2-SHA256-SSWU-RO-_POP_` ciphersuite which implements the following interfaces:

Author: ```suggestion
Eth2 makes use of BLS signatures as specified in the [IETF draft BLS specification draft-irtf-cfrg-bls-signature-02](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-irtf-cfrg-bls-signature-02) but uses [Hashing to Elliptic Curves - draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve-07](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve-07) instead of draft-irtf-cfrg-hash-to-curve-06. Specifically, eth2 uses the `BLS_SIG_BLS12381G2_XMD:SHA-256_SSWU_RO_POP_` ciphersuite which implements the following interfaces:
```

> Within these specifications, BLS signatures are treated as a module for notational clarity, thus to verify a signature `bls.Verify(...)` is used.

Author: ```suggestion
Within these specifications, BLS signatures are treated as a module for notational clarity, thus to verify a signature `bls.Verify(...)` is used.

*Note*: The non-standard configuration of the BLS and hash to curve specs is temporary and will be resolved once IETF releases BLS spec draft 3.

```

*Note*: The non-standard configuration of the BLS and hash to curve specs is temporary and will be resolved once IETF releases BLS spec draft 3.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

```python
def is_valid_indexed_attestation(state: BeaconState, indexed_attestation: IndexedAttestation) -> bool:
    """

>     Check if ``indexed_attestation`` has sorted and unique indices and a valid aggregate signature.

Author: ```suggestion
    Check if ``indexed_attestation`` is not empty, has sorted and unique indices and has a valid aggregate signature. 
```

#### `compute_shuffled_index`

> Implements the swap-or-not (see description [here](https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007%2F978-3-642-32009-5_1.pdf )) shuffling algorithm, which is used to shuffle the active validator set, so that slices of the shuffling can be used as committees. This is done instead of the more simple hash-based random sampling, to ensure that each active validator is part of exactly one committee in each epoch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implements the swap-or-not (see description [here](https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007%2F978-3-642-32009-5_1.pdf)) shuffling algorithm, which is used to shuffle the active validator set, so that slices of the shuffling can be used as committees. This is done instead of the more simple hash-based random sampling, to ensure that each active validator is part of exactly one committee in each epoch.
```

The swap-or-not shuffle (instead of eg. [Fisher-Yates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisher%E2%80%93Yates_shuffle)) is used because it also allows a single validator index's corresponding position, or the index at some position, to be computed in O(1) time, making it easy to compute the role of some specific validator or to determine the proposer or the members of some specific committee.

This section defines the more generic methods that take seeds as input; the next section will use these methods to compute the actual proposer and committees given a particular `BeaconState`.

```python
def compute_shuffled_index(index: uint64, index_count: uint64, seed: Bytes32) -> uint64:
    """

>     Return the shuffled validator index corresponding to ``seed`` (and ``index_count``).

Author: ```suggestion
    Return the shuffled index corresponding to ``seed`` (and ``index_count``).
```

        bit = (byte >> (position % 8)) % 2
        index = flip if bit else index

>     return ValidatorIndex(index)

Author: ```suggestion
    return index
```

    """
    start = (len(indices) * index) // count
    end = (len(indices) * (index + 1)) // count

>     return [indices[compute_shuffled_index(ValidatorIndex(i), len(indices), seed)] for i in range(start, end)]

Author: ```suggestion
    return [indices[compute_shuffled_index(i, len(indices), seed)] for i in range(start, end)]
```

```python
def compute_signing_root(ssz_object: SSZObject, domain: Domain) -> Root:
    """

>     Return the signing root of an object by calculating the root of the object-domain tree.

Author: ```suggestion
     Return the signing root for the corresponding signing data.
```

#### Helper functions

> Given a list of PendingAttestations (which are records saved when processing attestations during the epoch), we need to get some key information. Particularly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a list of `PendingAttestation`s (which are records saved when processing attestations during the epoch), we need to get some key information. Particularly:
```

##### Helpers

> All rewards are multiplied by the base reward, which is proportional to the inverse square root of total deposits.

Reviewer: nitpick: deposit != effective balance

```suggestion
All rewards are multiplied by the base reward, which is proportional to the inverse square root of total effective balances.
```

def process_block_header(state: BeaconState, block: BeaconBlock) -> None:
    # Verify that the slots match

>     assert block.slot == state.slot

Author: ```suggestion
    assert block.slot == state.slot
    # Verify that the block is newer than latest block header
    assert block.slot > state.latest_block_header.slot
```
